Great party this weekend!!#drinking#hungover
I mix my lean with my green, im smoking hard drinking mean, enjoying every single day and every night cus ain't no telling when I'm gone
I've been binge drinking for years, and can honestly say I don't have a single bad memory to show for it.
I had my first legal beer! Well I mean it was actually my first beer ever. 
feels very unusual not to be hungover on a Sunday, what am I meant to do with my day now that I don't feel
began to think vodka was my drink at last. It went into my stomach like a sword swallower's sword and made me feel powerful and godlike.
I'm sorry but a hot chocolate and cosy winter night in isn't for me!!! However a vodka in the sun.....
I officially volunteer to coordinate and plan the next afterparty on my own 1) fire the dj and buy pizza for his salary 2) more vodka 3) win
Vodka is my favorite.
Come see all the vodka I bought during the Black Friday sale! God bless.
Everybody is getting drunk on the weekends.
Drunk with friends!Hungover badly next day..
Had way too much food and booze the last two days...  I'm exhausted
how much xanax and weed and booze are you guys planning to consume before noon on thanksgiving?
My only obligation on Friday is to drink until it's Saturday
Might be a problem Id to read the text 3 times to understand I should be sober already from yesterday's beer!#drunk 
Clubbing with this girl, so much fun! #party #kingscross #nightclub #dance #beforethingswentsouth #drunk 
I'm getting In n Out burger delivered to me because I'm too hungover to function lmao
So hungover, still in bed
I prepare for game day by drinking beer. It makes me a better fan.
I wish I was at a pub in Ireland drinking a beer 
Man ain't no better feeling than sitting in yo own house on a Sunday. Drinking  beer out of your fridge you didn't buy. 
I don't always drink beer, but when I do... Who am I kidding, I'm always drinking beer.
drinking beer and dying just like every other saturday night
Drinking beer..best thing ever
This is the perfect summer wine! Currently drinking this beautiful @degrendelwines rose -
it's 5 am and I'm drinking beer watching teen titans mourning the loss of the lighter that someone just stole
At Ohio Stadium drinking vodka water in honor of Ole Miss girl cuz... ya know
I have to drive to NC tomorrow. I'd rather just hang here and keep drinking vodka with @forrader_us?http://instagram.com/p/v12tjUkETk/ 
 I would willingly drink half a litre of vodka
confession: i may have started drinking too early and now Im drunk alone before ive even left
Being drunk is the best feeling ever